= rcron

A simple cron-like scheduler for Ruby.

== Installation
  gem install rcron

== Cron format
As of now, most of the expressions except for ? and W are supported.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron#Format

== Examples

=== Basic
  require 'rcron'

  rcron = RCron.new
  rcron.q('runs every two minutes', '*/2 * * * *') do |task|
    # Task logic
    # ...
  end
  rcron.start

=== One-time only task
  rcron = RCron.new
  rcron.q('will run once at 8pm next second friday', '0 8 * * fri#2') do |task|
    # Removes the task from the queue
    task.dq

    # Task logic
    # ...
  end
  rcron.start

=== Options
  rcron = RCron.new

  # :exclusive - Only one instance of this task will run simultaneously.
  # :timeout   - Task will be terminated if it takes longer than the specified seconds.
  rcron.q('Every ten-minutes during summer', 
          '*/10 * * jun-aug *', 
          :exclusive => true, 
          :timeout => 1200) do |task|
    # Task logic
    # ...
  end
  rcron.start

== Contributing to rcron
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Junegunn Choi. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

